hey youtube they come care
Oh TCG here and today I'm going to be
doing this unboxing of this thing thing
called cube says this to start this
madness so pro it open oh yeah I'm good
suits this way that's pretty cool so
beach then X and it was an energy huh
this delicious caller ID
oh man cool
oh I needed this one bad so that's that
start with this and let's see if i could
try to save khaki oh sorry for any
background noise if there is any this oh
also control and then this that she let
me get geez okay do this yeah I'm gonna
save it I I like this hurry up
and then car
rhett and more so waddle clink fro seed
what's that we get older rubber oh
that's cool and not bad so this so that
is with it I'll go over it one more time
for what I've got and that all closed up
this video is
that's it thanks for watching guys and
I'll upload more videos soon